[fix] create linkfree-profile-tips.mdx (#7086)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: pages/docs/profile-tips.mdx

> import DocsLayout from "@components/layouts/DocsLayout.js"; import Link from "@components/Link";
> 
> ## Linkfree Profile Tips 
> 
> Trying to make your Linkfree profile stand out, but have no idea how? Check out this these tips below:
> 
> ## Tip #1: Make it easier for people to follow your socials
> 
> - Do you have a YouTube channel and/or Twitter profile?  Add the link for the subscribe flag, so when they visit your channel you can click right on the subscription or follow button. Check out [this article](https://offeo.com/learn/how-to-create-a-subscribe-link-for-youtube) and [this example](https://www.indiehackers.com/post/twitter-tip-link-to-the-intent-url-instead-of-your-username-7e34f7b077) to create your Twitter follow intent link.
> 
> - If you use more than one blog, consider putting them into the different sections. It'll help people know which one to refer to in order to follow your journey. Check out [Christine's profile for inspiration](https://linkfree.io/CBID2).
> 
> ## Tip #2: Share your achievements and future plans
> 
> - Whether it's reaching 1K followers on Twitter, winning a contest, or creating a project that helped your employer achieve company goals, share your achievements in the **Milestones** tab! :) Check out [Krupali's profile](https://linkfree.io/krupalitrivedi) for ideas. 
> 
> - Want to do better in school?  Win that marathon? Cook a full meal? Or get that dream job? Share those too! You can do that by creating a future goals section underneath the ones you have achieved. 
> Check out [Eddie's profile for inspiration](https://linkfree.io/eddiejaoude). 
> 
> ## Tip #3: Share your recommendations and Events
> 
> - Trying to increase your prospects in your job search? Want to grow your business? Then, consider having the people in your network add their reviews in the **Testimonials** section!  Check out [Francesco's profile for inspiration](https://linkfree.io/FrancescoXX). 
> 
> - Want to do in-person meetups with your online colleagues or your social media followers? Then consider adding them in the **Events** section! Check out [Amanda's profile](https://linkfree.io/amandamartin-dev) for inspiration! 
> 
> export default ({ children }) => (
>   <DocsLayout title="profile-style guide">{children}</DocsLayout>
> );
> 
> 
>   

Reviewer: Changes made to reflect current writing style of Docs:
```suggestion
import DocsLayout from "@components/layouts/DocsLayout.js";
import Link from "@components/Link";

## Profile Tips

Make your LinkFree Profile stand out by following these tips.

### Links: Prompt people to subscribe/follow

- For YouTube links you can append your url with `?sub_confirmation=1` which will ask the visitor if they wish to subscribe
- For Twitter you can use the "intent" link to ask people if they would like to follow you when visiting your profile. This is done with `https://twitter.com/intent/user?screen_name=TWITTER-USERNAME` (for example [https://twitter.com/intent/user?screen_name=eddiejaoude](https://twitter.com/intent/user?screen_name=eddiejaoude))

### Milestones: Share your achievements and future goals

- Whether it's reaching 1K followers on Twitter, winning a contest, or creating a project that helped your employer achieve company goals, share your achievements in the [Milestones](/docs/how-to-guides/milestones) tab.
- Hold yourself accountable by sharing your future goals in the [Milestones](/docs/how-to-guides/milestones) tab.

### Testimonials: Give and receive feedback

- A good way to increase your Profile's visibility is to give [testimonials](/docs/how-to-guides/testimonials) to other LinkFree users, as you will appear on their Profile page.
- To increase your Profile's credibility you can add [testimonials](/docs/how-to-guides/testimonials) to your Profile people have given you.

### Events: Share your upcoming events

- Another way to get more visibility to your Profile is to add your event activity, this is a good way to network and connect with others in your niche. Share what [events](/docs/how-to-guides/events) you are participating in your Profile, these will also appear in the [Events](/events) page on the app.

For example profiles and how to implement these tips in your Profile, visit the end section in the [QuickStart guide](/docs/quickstart#example-profiles)

export default ({ children }) => (
  <DocsLayout title="profile-style guide">{children}</DocsLayout>
);

```
